Revise Swift entries (#929)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> All programming languages designate certain types of data. This helps the operating system and computer hardware allocate memory based on the type of data that is going to be stored. Swift, being a very type-safe language, takes great care to ensure that data types are understood, by both you and the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All programming languages designate certain types of data. This helps the operating system and computer hardware allocate memory based on the type of data that is going to be stored. Swift **data types** include `Int`, `Float`, `Double`, `String`, `Character`, and `Bool`. It is a type-safe language where variables hold values of a known data type..
```

- `Int8`: Creates an 8-bit signed integer (range of -128 to 127)
- `Int32`: Creates a 32-bit signed integer (range of -2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647)
- `Int64`: Creates a 64-bit signed integer (range of -9,223,372,036,854,775,808 to 9,223,372,036,854,775,807)
- `UInt`: Unsigned (positive values only) that is created in the same manner as a standard `Int`
- `UInt8`: Creates an 8-bit unsigned integer (range of 0 to 255)
- `UInt32`: Creates a 32-bit unsigned integer (range of 0 to 4,294,967,295)

> - `UInt64`: Creates a 64-bit unsigned integer (range of 0 to 18,446,744,073,709,551,615)

Author: Sure! Works for me, making edits and will push up soon @Dusch4593

## Floating Point Numbers

A `Float` and a `Double` are number data types that allow for decimals. A `Float` is a 32-bit 'floating-point' number and a `Double` is a 64-bit floating-point number, that being said, a `Float` has approximately half as much precision as a `Double`. If you need a high precision of accuracy, it is best to use a `Double`. When a variable is declared without a specified type, Swift will type inference a `Double` as a precaution.

> 

Reviewer 2: @yangc95 After looking into this, I'm suggesting we remove the comment in lines # 63-66. The live entry as it is now is rendering the \```swift snippet with the multi-line string just fine.

cc: @lucwhite
